Weekly Changelog 2023-09-18 to 2023-09-25 (#68308)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/changelog.txt

Add overheat mechanics to energy guns.
Sound-triggered traps
Item transformation can now pick variant items to transform into

> [EOC]Inventory itereter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Detailed information for stats on character creation menu
Larger and more I18n-friendly safemode UI
Enable/disable showing several non-player-related messages in the log

> Walking into ledges examines them.
> Implement option to display item health bars and item health descriptions at the same time
> Accessible item insert menu
> Show insertion failure reasons in Insert menu and AIM
> An alternate thick sidebar was added.
> talk_topic option for insert new responses at the suitable place to existing topic

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Walking into ledges examines them.
Accessible item insert menu
Show insertion failure reasons in Insert menu and AIM
```

[Aftershock] Rebalance energy weapons to use overheat mechanics
[Magiclysm] Add fantasy species ferals
[Magiclysm] Add dispel magic spells

> Create the Isolation Protocol Mod: A traditional roguelike experience
> Add some new inter-mod content to Defense Mode.
> Survivor house palette additions
> Add two psionic animals
> Add more powers to Mind Over Matter
> Add triffid and migo mages
> Isolation Protocol: Improve the Danger Clock
> Change some item-based enchantments into effect-based enchantments
> Add some mutations to Arvore Paraclesian scenario
>  Add zombie blank to Mind Over Matter
> Isolation Protocol: Add unique perks to all starting professions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create the Isolation Protocol Mod: A traditional roguelike experience
[Magiclysm] Add triffid and migo mages
```

Increase plastic variety, adjust plastics to be more realistic in terms of protection
Characters start with basic skills from their previous life
Climbing down stepladders is now safe; climbing down ledges tells you how risky it is.

> Adds Karate manual to Novice Martial Artist starting items
> Add NO_SPELLCASTING flag to Stunned effect
> Bulk loading/unloading  items into container saves time cost
> Improve pets' ability to use stairs
> Tweaked Mozzarella pricing
> Make ferals actually feel like human enemies instead of weaker zombies with range attacks
> Give long stick reach
> Most weapon techniques require some melee skill now

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add NO_SPELLCASTING flag to Stunned effect
Improve pets' ability to use stairs
Make ferals actually feel like human enemies instead of weaker zombies with range attacks
```

AIM: Display correct truncation of container names
Fix visible tiles revealing invisible tiles below
Fix furniture & vehicle map memory refresh

> Ki Strike now works with worn equipment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

AIM: Display correct truncation of container names
Fix visible tiles revealing invisible tiles below
Fix furniture & vehicle map memory refresh

> Ki Strike now works with worn equipment
> Wheels with very high durability don't get damaged when they run over nailboard trap
> Fix segfault when finishing fermentation
> Monsters can't go down ramps
> Link anchoring crown recipe to schematic
> Update and fix inferno grenade
> Change Enervating Touch damage type
> Do not path NPCs into wall lights
> Fix the tied-up fridge/freezer reciper where one of the components is 5 long ropes instead of 5 short ropes
> Don't teleport items to the ground if the vehicle storage destination is full
> Move Dust Reborn k_cal value to PREVENT_DEATH EoC
> NPCs get angry when player asks for equipment
> Change Tourniquet Materials
> Molotovs used more flammable liquids
> Prevent empty subject in 'but do no damage' msgs when dealing no damage
> Adjust sewing/tailoring kit description
> Fix Free Merchants Broker price calculation of non charge based item
> Skip auto sorting items that don't belong to you
> Fix thin sleeve gambeson layering
> Add Incandescent Lance to welding_standard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ki Strike now works with worn equipment
Monsters can go down ramps
Don't teleport items to the ground if the vehicle storage destination is full
Fix Free Merchants Broker price calculation of non charge based item
Skip auto sorting items that don't belong to you
```

New item categories for martial arts manuals and traps
Update all active items to new tick action system and remove old system
Add ability to merge appliance into grid

> Organize the EOC files for better accessibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
